I (Nee.ap a PHI web appbcabon which uses the tables City and Link with the following rang/we. • Table aty 10 (int). Name(string.). County(string) • Ude tine_ toonk(Int), IDCityl (int), IDCity2(int), Duration(Int), Distance(int) Tat* Caty describes cities and table link describes links/roads between two cities (IDCItyl and IDCity2) soecrifying the duration on mtnutes) and the distance (In km) between the two cities. The application must assist the user in route planning. The route planning starts when the application displays forthe usn the kst of al cities in the database and the user then seects the departure city. After selecting a alty (end probably clicking a button) the user is directed cola  web page where all the cities that have a ink to the selected city are displayed; for each such link, both cities of the link (names of Cityl and City2, not ifiCity1 and rDOty2) together with the duration and distance of the link are displayed. The user then selects a new city from this destinations list and then he/she is directed to a web page where all the aties that have a fink to the currently selected city are displayed. The user selects a destination from this 1st and so on. until the user ticks the button «Set final destination>> for a selected city. When the user has selected his/her hnal destination city, the whole route selected by the user is displayed, from the first selected city (departure csty) to the last selected city (destination city). At any point the user can go back and select a new destination city for the previous step. Also, he/she can go bad, several steps (not just one step) to choose another intermediate destination city. On each web page which displays a list of intermediate city destinations for the current step the cities are ordered based on the following weighted average: 0.6•Duration + 0.4*Distance. 
Time: 2 hours Grading scale: 
-1 point by defauh (ohciu) - configure web environment, create DB, display all cities - disptay firths for selected city - order dies by metric - select intermediary station and memorize the active route - go back - show complete route :2 : 1.5 :2 :1.5 :1 :1 
You are not allowed to use any other DB tables except the ones specified above, Also, all the data shoutd se stored at the server-side in databases, not text files or something similar. ...... bs: The server-side technology (PHP or JSP or ASP! NET) is not at your choke, it will be hxed by the exam ,blect. However you can change this technology to another one of your preferentta but in this case final grade that you receive will be cut at 6 (i.e. the maximum grade that you can get tor this practicit In) is 6). 
